Amen and amen.
Please be seated if you would.
Again, good morning.
Great time of praise and the Lord singing unto him.
Kind of new with us first time here.
My name is Archie Mason.
I'm a senior pastor.
Thanks for being with us today.
And a lot of folks joining us live streaming by television.
If you have a Bible with you, maybe you got your Bible on your phone.
Let's take it and turn to the book of Ephesians.
We're going to be in Ephesians chapter four.
We're going to pick up in verse one, six verses of scripture this morning as we look at a very practical passage of scripture about walking that walk, which is worthy of the Lord.
Now, before we jump into that, you know, one thing I've noticed so some of our younger guys on staff, younger pastors and so,
They'll get an opportunity to preach on Sunday morning, and a lot of times I'll be here, I'll be sitting on the front, and they always start off in a certain way.
I love it.
It's really good.
So we always, when one of us come up, cross came up and said, my name's Cross, and I'm a college pastor.
We always introduce ourselves, because we always got someone who's visiting with or someone watching online.
So they do that, they introduce themselves, but then they always have a picture of their family up on the screen.
Well, I'm gonna do the same thing this morning.
Angie and I are brand new grandparents.
I want you to know, okay?
So this is PJ short for Pokey Jr., all right?
And so Pokey Jr., our new grandson arrived while I was out of country, and Angie, the nurse, did very well.
And so he is here, so I just wanna show him off to you.
And Angie has informed me that he and his mama will live with us until they die, we die, or Jesus comes back.
So it's just the way it is.
Anyway, that's Pokey Jr.
Also, too, I want to share with you.
So, been out of country, been over in Uganda, been in Ajamana, Ajamina, well, I can't pronounce her up, but that's where I've been.
And so, I've been there, but also, too, I just want to say thank you.
Thank you for your giving.
Here at Central, we have a missions offering called the faith commitment offerings outside of our operating budget.
It was started way before I got here years ago.
It continues on, and you and I give to it, many of you do.
And through your giving, we're able to have mission partners around the world.
So the QR code that's in front of you on that seat back, you can scan that in on your phone and you can go down to the missions area.
And we got pictures of all of our partners who we partner with around the world.
One of those ministries is James Langston, he's on the left.
He was at Wind Baptist when I was there years ago.
He has a ministry called Multiply and NISTIV.
And so we were together in this past week.
And so he's training pastors and church planners and training them in evangelism.
So you see the guy on the right, one of our national partners.
So we use the three circles in evangelism on his T-shirt there in the back.
the Gospel with a family there in the village.
And so again, I just want to say grateful to you, thankful for your giving.
Next week, Tim Dowdy is going to be here with the North American Mission Board.
We have a kind of what we call a mini global impact conference.
But if you're interested, scan that QR code.
But again, you can put a face with a person, be praying for them and our partnership with them for the coming year.
So thank you for Atlanta Bee.
So to just Dr. Huff, who is our missions pastor, just sent me a text.
I got it last night.
And for February with our mission partners there, and we're all around the world in different places, but specifically in Uganda, in the month of February, our mission partner there, they shared the gospel with 1,000 people, 200 people prayed to receive Christ.
I think at baptized 13, out of this 200, they started three house churches and they trained 70 pastors and lay leaders in evangelism and discipleship.
So praise the Lord.
And some of our team is still there and they're meeting with 21
former Muslim men who accepted Christ and have been baptized.
And as you know, that's a big deal in this part of the world.
And so they're meeting with them this week.
So again, as you're praying, just keep that in mind.
So today we're gonna talk about really walking the talk.
If you say you follow Christ, do you walk that walk?
Do you walk in a manner that's worthy really of the one
who saved you.
All right.
Now, I know you just got comfortable, but if you don't mind here at Central Average Edition, would you stand for the public reading?
Six verses following, follow along with me as I read.
Therefore, I, this is Paul, prisoner of the Lord, employ you, which means persuade beg you to walk in a manner worthy of the calling with which you've been called.
With all humility, gentleness.
What's the next word?
Oh, you're inside that very loud.
Come on.
Okay, with patience, all right, with patience, showing tolerance for one another in love, be diligent to preserve the unity of the spirit and the bond of peace.
These are the seven ones here.
There's one body, one spirit, just as also you were called in one hope of your calling, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all who is overall throughout and in all.
But to each one of us, grace was given according to the measure of Christ.
Father again, we pray, we come before you in the name of Jesus and
Lord, just put our set before you.
Holy Spirit, today Lord, disciple us, teach us.
There are those who need to be encouraged.
You're those who, Lord, going through some difficult times.
People need to be strengthened.
Lord, I know that.
They're believers here that, Lord, as we all have as a believer that been times maybe sinned in our life, and today, Lord, there's gonna have to be repentance.
And we already know it in Holy Spirit, I pray this moving work so we write our relationship with you, Lord Jesus.
But here's also Lord.
I know there are folks here, folks engaged with need to be saved.
I wasn't saved on age of 25.
So there's young folks, older folks, medium-aged folks, there are people who need to be saved.
And Lord, I pray today.
that you draw them to yourselves.
I pray you save someone day.
We love you Jesus, we pray these things in your name.
Again, all of God's people said, amen, amen, please be seated if you would.
So what about this walk?
So what we have is we're to walk with a holy calling, okay?
We're to walk with a holy character.
And then also too, we'll see as we look at this there, then we have a holy commonality.
Or we may say a holy conviction, these are the seven ones.
when, uh, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j, j,
where we, they set up medical and dental stuff.
I don't know about you, that dental stuff.
Every time they're pulling tooth, anytime I come around, they want to show it to me.
I don't know what's wrong with these people, God.
It'd make my stomach hurt.
I'm glad God called folks to do that.
I just can't do that.
I'll do the best with the cows and the goats and the dog getting rabies vaccination.
That's kind of my realm out there.
But man, just the sharing of the gospel of a Lord Jesus Christ and evangelism that was taking place in regard to that.
And so when you look at this about that, walking that
walk in that conduct when Paul's rotting there to the church at the very beginning, he says, I am that prisoner of the Lord.
So there's this holy calling.
That prisoner means he surrendered to the Lord Jesus Christ.
Many of you know, if you've been in church very long, you know that Paul was saved on the road to Damascus.
He was on his way
to basically persecute the people of the way, the way the truth the lie, the Lord Jesus Christ, the followers of Christ.
He was on his way and he was dramatically converted, blinded by the sakana glory of God.
And Paul,
He knew, he was, he said, who are you Lord?
He said, I am Jesus, I am Christ whom you are persecuting.
So anyway, Paul comes to that, first of all, so when he refers to self as a prisoner of the Lord, he is surrendered unto the Lord Jesus Christ.
Holy and complete, now before we move on, are you surrendered to Christ?
You know, surrendered to him in such a way that he directs our accents and all this.
Within he says this, I, as a prisoner of the Lord, he says,
I implore you to walk in that manner that's where to call it.
This is that holy calling, okay?
It's a holy call, it's a holy consecration if we'll call it that, with which you have been called.
So walk means our daily activity, our daily life.
Does your daily actions match up with the high position that you have?
Now, think about it from now say, high position, that doesn't mean get lofty or something like that.
This calling that's talked about here is a,
There's a call to salvation, okay?
Call to salvation.
At the age of 25, I've been in church my whole life.
Many of you heard my testimony.
You can say it better, and I can't.
I've been in church my whole life.
I've heard the gospel message, but it was just separated from the Lord.
My own decisions, my own choices, going down different paths, but then the Lord that calling, the Lord pursues, the Holy Spirit is pursuing us and drawing us and calling on us as he's doing today.
through this passage of the Word of God, the inspired Word of God.
And it came to that place, realized now as a sinner, a native of Savior, and basically cried out there and were saying, it's a call to salvation.
Many of you in this room, many of you watching online by television, you've had that call to salvation.
But also it's a calling to the family of God.
When we come to that place, where we were pin of our sin and put our faith and trust in the Lord Jesus Christ, we're sealed by the Holy Spirit.
This is Ephesians.
The Holy Spirit is our guarantee.
that we belong to Christ.
That's when you hear me say, you cannot lose your salvation.
You can't do anything to earn it.
You can't do anything to lose it.
When you come to that place in faith and trust, in Jesus Christ, He seals us.
Okay, so we're called into the family.
Now we talked about this, we're in air.
In this passage of scripture, if you haven't been able to study in the book of Ephesians, or you haven't been able to attend here, do you miss the previous Sundays, I encourage you, go back and read certain chapter one or go back and watch your previous messages online,
And you'll see that really what Paul's doing here through the inspiration of the Holy Spirit is reinterrating things he's already said, just going over and over in this.
And so again, this idea of calling to salvation, that calling to the family God, we're an heir of the king, we're a child of God, okay?
But it's calling also into purpose of God, what he has for us.
That's when Ephesians two says, where's workmanship?
Create uncrossed Jesus for good works or dang that we should walk in them, okay?
These good things come after salvation, so it is this calling is upon us.
General Colin Powell wrote an autobiography called My Journey.
I haven't read it, but I watched an interview, and this statement is in his autobiography, he's sending his interview.
They asked him, so Jamaican immigrants, and he, I don't remember how many similes he had, but he had some brothers, I believe.
And they asked him, this is years ago, they asked him, how did junior brothers like,
You know, because here he was in the military and the leader and all that.
They were just interviewing.
They said, how did your brothers kind of stay straight?
How did y'all not get in trouble?
You know, he said, well, he said, my father really taught us family honor and responsibility.
Family honor and responsibility.
And he said, now you know how boys are?
He said, we'd be going out like on Friday Saturday night.
And he said, we'd be like getting ready to go and said, my daddy, look at us.
When we left the door, we got door and he'd say,
Do not bring shame upon this family's name.
Now I don't know about you, I like stuff at rhymes, so I can remember that, okay?
He said, do not bring shame.
He said, so we left that night going out on a Friday Saturday night, whatever, just being boys, you know, being young men.
He said, don't you do something's gonna bring shame upon this family's name.
Now here's the spiritual question that you bring and shame upon the name of Jesus with your attitude, your actions, your unforgiveness, your bitterness, your malice, your anger, all these things.
But I'll see it as reflective of Christ.
You're saying it's like, well, I just can't control it.
No, no, no, no, let me help you.
If you're a believer in the Lord Jesus Christ, fill with the spirit of God.
We already covered about the power of the Holy Spirit.
Now, we're still living the fleshly body.
There still can be all this stuff.
One day it will not be.
We still have it now.
But we're to be controlled by the spirit of God.
So it's that calling.
He says, are you walking?
You got to walk in a manner which is worthy of the calling of your persistent Christ.
Now, if I were you,
And I was listening to a preacher on a Sunday morning, I've been working all week.
I said, okay, that's preacher, you're telling me to walk in a manner worthy of the calling of God above my life.
Well, how do I do that?
That's what I'd ask.
Well, it's very simple again.
Remember your calling, okay?
Remember your salvation.
It's always good.
The Bible is full of remembering.
When we take the Lord's supper, you know what we're doing?
We're looking back and we're looking forward.
We're remembering what God did, but we're looking forward.
to what's gonna happen too.
We are remembering, so remember your salvation, remember who you were before Christ.
If you were a young person and you came to that place and realized I'm a sinner and need of a Savior and by faith you trust your Christ and you were pinned up your sins.
And now here you are as an older adult.
You've been walking with Lord all this time since you were a young person.
You may look back and say, well, you know, I didn't have a very interesting life or whatever before Christ.
No, you realize you're a sinner.
All of us get saved the same way.
Come on, amen.
Realize we're a sinner and he's a savior.
What happens?
So think and manifest itself in different ways.
When you're like me at the age of 25, when you got saved, you really don't have a problem remembering your life before Christ.
And so for me, that's why I just love the grace of God that he would save
someone who was on the row of a Baptist church who had preachers from Mid-America seminary where I got my masters at who would come and preach.
I'd be drunk and hungover on the back row on Sunday mornings and at the age of 25 after I'd married my pride that the Lord was still pursuing me.
Oh, I have no problem.
Remember what it's like, a life before Christ.
And so what happens is the way that we maintain like this, we want to just remember your calling.
Okay, but also,
Many times we got to change our conduct.
We got to realize, have you ever had your conduct realigned?
You know, I grew up when they paddled you in school.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Some of the young people are like, oh, no.
Let me help you with this.
There are things that I did before paddling that I never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever did again after that paddling.
And I'm not mentally scarred.
Some of you think, yeah, that's an opinion right there.
Okay, but there's nothing wrong with me.
I got my conduct realigned.
Now, it may be a situation where, you know, your lifestyle is not quite matching who you are in Christ.
Now here's a good thing about this, okay?
You know it as a believer.
You know it.
So that's a power of the Holy Spirit.
That's a conviction of sin in our life.
You know it, that it's not right.
You know there's something there, it's just gnawing at you.
I was gonna say the day's the day to get there right.
So maybe you gotta kind of realign that, Conda, I made some notes here.
Let your habits reflect the Lord's holiness.
Let your decisions reflect devotion.
Let your character reflect Christ.
Now, it's normal in a situation where some like me going to a mission drill,
Sunday morning would be in a church.
There'd be people there.
So it's kind of normal through a translator.
I would preach.
Well, James is with us.
And I told James, I said, I said, I don't want you to preach.
This Sunday he said, no, I said, no, here's what I'm telling him.
I said, you grew up in Zambia.
You're a missionary kid.
I just told him, I was honest, I don't want to learn from him.
I said, you know the culture, I don't know the culture.
And he said, Arch, I sat down here preaching all these years.
So James just preached Sunday morning.
It's going to be fine.
I said, you can preach in the language or go through, whatever you want to do.
So anyway, he used to translate it, but he did something there with his hands.
And when he got done, I said, that was so good.
Good teaching.
And what he reminded me of the culture, he said, they're concrete thinkers.
And I said, that's me.
I'm like, ABC.
And he just laid this thing out here.
And so I'm a concrete thinker.
So when I think about what habits reflect on in this, let your religion reflect devotion, let your character reflect Christ.
That right there speaks to me because it begins to show me this morning I was praying through this worship center.
And I love to do that.
I love to get here early and praying through and I'm thinking about the message and I'm going through here.
And ice cream popped in my mind.
You know the blue bell ice cream.
Don't be offended, you don't like that.
You know, you can catch it on sale.
We buy it in mass quantity.
And I was coming through here and I was praying and I was thinking about, you know, what has a hold of my life?
Ice cream.
You know, it's not healthy to eat ice cream 10, 30 at night.
And I really said, Lord, I said, I'm an addict, a blue bell ice cream at 10, 30 at night.
Holy Spirit, I need you.
That's not good in my life.
Now, you may think, well, that's funny and that's dumb.
Well, that's what's going on with me.
It's like unholy ice cream at 10.30.
And you may say, well, it's not a big deal.
It's not that, oh, it is in my life, okay?
Because I'm telling you, I like stuff like that.
And it's okay like in moderation, but you don't have to eat like a half a gallon at one time.
And the Lord really brought that to my mind.
And so I'm saying it publicly, so my accountability partner is on the front row.
So you know what's gonna happen.
Is that, do I hear you in the kitchen?
That's what's gonna happen now.
So you gotta rely on your conduct, but also you gotta rely on the Holy Spirit, we know that.
Okay, so be yielded to the spirit of God and dependence.
A holy walk is not a, it's not a self-empowered walk, it is a spirit-enabled walk.
Well, you might say, well, how do I know if I'm not, how do I know if my conduct's not matching my salvation or you live according to the world?
The worldliness of the world.
Is there unrepentive habitual sin that's in your life?
I mean, it's almost like, that's a no-brainer in regard to that.
So what Paul and what the Holy Spirit's telling us, he says, you got a holy calling.
Walk in a daily manner that matches your position.
Don't bring shame upon the family name.
But here's the second one also.
The second one is about character.
This is two and three.
This is where the Holy Spirit just goes, pow, pow.
I'm a concrete linear thinker, pow, pow, pow.
So he says, with humility means,
Thinking of yourself in such a degree, not that you're better than someone else.
Pride is the exact opposite.
Pride is where Satan was.
Pride, you know, once you usurp God, gets kicked out of heaven with all this angelic hosts and you got demons now and all that stuff.
And so it's opposite, humility, and it's not like having a low self-esteem because our identity is found in Christ.
We are a child of the King, you know?
We belong to the family.
And so it's not a low self-esteem, but it's putting others, so he says with humility, humility,
gentleness, which is power under control in this.
So again, you can look at Moses was humble yet confronted.
Pharaoh, David killed thousands yet, didn't touch Saul.
So you have humility, you have this idea of gentleness that we see in the text, but also patience, which is endurance and forbearance and really in a way, not getting so
aggravated and upset with minor offenses.
I don't know exactly why.
Well, I don't know 100% of exactly why.
That what we see is here is that Paul is right into the church of Ephesus.
So he all his theology centers, prosecutors, he's talking about unity in the church.
So he says with patience, and then he says this, he says, showing tolerance and love.
Okay, it doesn't mean that you condone sin, but it means to be tolerant of others.
Most of the issues a day that occur in the church for all of us is gonna be probably selfishness in what it is.
So let me give you an example.
Okay, I don't know about you, but I'm very opinionated.
If you ask me my opinion, I am going to give it to you in that.
So don't ask me if you don't want that.
I'm just like that.
So for example, if you got a business and you can't even say, I don't want to lay my business out before you.
I want you to evaluate.
I want you to give me your opinion.
I'd be like, okay.
And I'd say, here's what you need to do.
Power, power, power.
And you go, well, I don't think that's what I need to do.
I said, will you ask me my opinion?
And that's what I think you need to do.
And he'll go, I don't think that's right.
Well, I'm kind of like, well, I think my way is the right way.
So you asked me, so I think that's what y'all did.
I don't know about you.
There's a lot of us in there who have opinions, okay?
Right?
And it's okay.
And we're not talking about the essentials of theology.
We're not talking about that here.
We're gonna line up, but we're gonna talk even more about that.
We're talking about we can agree to disagree on these non-essentials and stuff.
There are things that may happen.
We're a church, a body of people.
In regard to this, this is why he's saying, showing tolerance to one another.
And some of you thinking, yeah, we have to tolerate you right now.
Okay, so showing tolerance when a dude in love, but he says this, being diligent, work at it, make case to preserve the unity of the spirit and the bond of peace, preserve unity.
Okay, we're not talking about theology.
You know, I have lines in the sand.
I will die on hills, theologically.
But we're talking about here that preserving that spirit of unity, the worst testimony in a community is divisiveness in a church.
You know, there are churches that have broken apart over the color of carpet.
You don't know that?
You don't like church history?
I mean, these bad business meeting with the wheels come off the cart and you got to open mind.
People start staying stuff like, I like orange.
We should have a orange.
You're closer to God if you like orange.
I say, ask me my opinion.
I don't like orange.
I like blue.
Right?
If you really want to love Jesus, you better have blue carpet in there.
And they have what in the world?
Satan in a church, you're born again, believe in the Lord Jesus Christ.
Satan cannot steal your soul.
But if he can cause divisiveness and unforgiveness and anger and malice and just being mad at one another, he is one of victory because honestly that church is no good for anybody.
Because ain't nobody in the community gonna come?
You know how it is in these church?
Everybody knows everything that's going on.
Why in the world would somebody want to come?
To a church like that is having an argument between orange and blue carpet.
But we get so self-centered, all of us, and like me, you get so opinionated,
that's blue is the right way versus orange.
If you don't give me my way, I'm gonna leave and I'm gonna do this.
And in the kingdom of God for eternity, it's just dumb that that happens.
And so Paul says diligently showing tolerance and patience and forbearing endurance, diligent to preserve the unity of Christ.
Now, if I were you and I sat in there and I was listening to the preacher,
And it's okay, we got to be diligent to do that, you know, well, how do we do that?
I think the Lord enables us, and it's not to say, why do we like to be mad?
Do you ever talk about that?
Sometimes we just get mad and makes us feel good.
We just get mad and then we can kind of point it at somebody.
And then it just makes us feel good, just be mad at.
But then honestly, we got a whole bunch of other stuff back here in the background and it kind of overshadows that.
If we can just be mad at this person, we can just have this unforgiveness and this bitterness and malice and all this stuff.
And so what the enemy does is like, oh, that just feels good.
There are minor offenses that we may commit against each other.
They don't have anything to do with theology, which in the lot of eternity are not going to mount anything.
In fact, they're killing the presence of God even now.
there are churches that are burnt over stumps because of, I'll call it silly stuff of the past.
It's a bad testament.
That's why the Holy Spirit, now there's a lot of other, there's some reasons I can't grasp the church of Ephesus.
We say and do everything to preserve it.
Okay.
So when you read that, if I were you, I'd be setting up a thing.
Deserve, we'll,
Okay, what's some more to that?
That's why he doesn't stop.
He says this.
He says, starting in verse four.
Okay, this is commonality.
This is conviction.
The seven ones.
Okay, one body means that we share identity.
There is one church, one church.
So let me give you an example.
It's in a marketplace.
Let's find some T-shirts for the grandkids, not for PJ, but for the real grandkids.
Okay, and so you'll catch it later.
You know, elephant on it, all the stuff, different colors.
How's this talking with a young lady?
And she asked me, she said,
What are you doing here?
And I saw her doing some vet work, medical work.
She said, I'm a born-again Christian.
I'm a born-again believer.
She just went on and began sharing tests from her.
I've been involved in campus ministry and all this.
And so I'm just talking to her.
It's pretty exciting.
Young lady got a couple of kids.
It's not very old.
And she's going on.
And she said, I belong to this church.
I have no idea what church that is, okay?
But I could tell by her what she was saying.
I'm a born again believer, repentance of sin, faith in Christ, you know, all this kind of stuff, you know, baptism by emergence.
She's going on.
We're one church.
I ran into another lady from the USA on the way back and they had a lady had a scripture verse on the church.
I just, well, I said, hey, how are you guys?
And they knew I was not from their state when I said, hey, how are you guys?
You know, whatever.
So they, I said, what are y'all been doing?
I said, we've been on a medical mission and
We doing this and she got talking about sharing Christ and people coming to Christ.
She was a pharmacist and I just said, hey, what church you're part of?
And she just gave me, she gave me name and she said, well, it's not a nomination.
Well, I didn't go like in convulsions or jerking or nothing.
You know, why?
Because you're one church and I saw we were Baptist churches.
She didn't convulse or jerk or do something.
We are one body.
One church, okay, now we're a local assembly, we're a Baptist phenomenon.
They're a great Bible believing, Bible teaching churches that are out there.
So remember we have a shared idea, that's the idea of that one body, but then also to one spirit.
The same spirit lived in a young lady at the marketplace, the Holy Spirit.
The same Holy Spirit lived in a lady who was a pharmacist, who'd been on a medical mission.
The same Holy Spirit, we all have a shared identity of the spirit of God that lives in us.
It's so when you think about a brother, sister, Christ, when you got a minor offense to them, not on some theological issue where you're mad, you're angry, bitter, mouths, whatever it may be.
When you think about, the same Holy Spirit lives in me, lives in them, how come we can't work this out or come to agreement?
And I said, so it's our shared power, the Holy Spirit with one another, but also one hope, our shared future of what's coming.
You realize one day we're going to be in heaven.
Streets of gold.
We talked about this.
I mean, it's a clear kind.
I've never seen that kind before.
Clear kind.
We didn't ask my opinion, but I'm about to give it to you.
Okay.
It's going to be coffee there.
It's going to be the best coffee.
You just say, Archie, how do you know it's the best coffee?
God, it's happened.
Okay.
So we're going to street the cold.
We'll be drinking some good.
The best there's ever been coffee.
I believe it.
Here's what I do know for sure though.
We have a
We have a dwelling place.
Bible, your translation may call it a mansion.
I think mansion.
I go back old school Beverly Hills, okay?
So, you know, dwelling place mansion, a home that streets ago, which means community, we know exactly how big heaven is.
We see it in the book of Revelation.
We got, we got, and so one day when we're out there, one day we're gathered around the throne, one day every tongue, every tribe.
Every nation, somebody who's gonna be there at the throne.
We're gonna be singing.
It's gonna be good.
It's gonna be loud.
It would be praising our Savior and Lord and the color or carpet way back there amounts to nothing.
It's nothing.
So again, here's what I believe, because the hope point of this is that unity.
So when you're looking forward, he says, we got one body, okay?
One spirit.
We got one hope.
of the future where we're going.
That's how he says you keep that spirit of unity.
One Lord, our shared authority, the Lord Jesus Christ.
There's no other way under salvation.
But by the name of Christ, amen?
And what?
Come on, amen?
Yeah, only one way.
The Lord Jesus Christ.
That's when he says, you know, again, the seven ones.
One faith, the gospel core message.
The gospel is what sets people free.
Let me just share this with you.
If you're here, we're about to end.
Now, some of y'all just looked at your phones at what time it was.
I know exactly what time it is.
I got a clock.
We're about to end, okay?
Now, let me encourage you in a loving way with patience and gentleness, okay, and all these things.
If you're tired of the gospel message, then something is wrong with you.
As a believer, the gospel never grows old.
Do you realize the destinies of the future of men and women, girls and boys, are hanging right here right now?
They are.
You realize the spirit of God is talking to someone and communicating with someone and drawing someone right now.
The gospel is one gospel, okay?
One faith, one baptism.
So you have the baptism into Christ, which is when we come to faith in Him, we're sealed by the spirit of God, okay?
But you also have what's called water baptism by
immersion, which is public aligning with Christ.
Public allegiance to Christ.
Demonstrating our faith.
What took place internally?
We're demonstrating it externally, okay?
So there's one baptism, but one father.
One father.
So when I pray, I know some, you're like me.
You've got a lot of stuff going on in your head.
I don't pay that much attention, but when I pray, I'm going to pray the Trinity.
You're going to hear that Father, Son, Holy Spirit.
I'm going to mention their names when I pray.
We were loading a bus a day and James says, hey, let's pray for us for getting this bus.
I'm like, amen.
Hallelujah.
He's like King Jesus.
He, you know, he prays that way on the parking lot there at the airport that we're at.
And, but all across the
the world, regardless of the time zone, people crying out, Father, Christ, Holy Spirit, come and move because there is one Father, the source of all things.
You see, we have a commonality, a holy conviction that we have here.
The askman goes back, he says, preserve that unity.
Preserve that unity in this.
So how's your walk?
Okay, how's your walk?
I think for all of us now, yours may not be ice cream like mine is.
It may be something else, okay?
How's you all?
Is it reflective of the one who called you, the one who saved you?
Does your walk match your talk in this?
Or have you bought into the culture of the world?
I mean, if people were to look at you, can they tell any difference in you?
Then what the world is, is there a worldliness about you as a believer, then there needs to be repentance.
And maybe today's that renewing and that refreshing.
Here's what I don't know about the Holy Spirit.
I mentioned some things, but the Holy Spirit always brings clarity.
The Holy Spirit does not bring confusion.
So when I say, you know, I'm just telling you, you know.
So in this time of invitation, yeah, there's prayer requests here, you can write prayer requests down, you can pray, or you just may want to come and say, Lord, you know, there's some stuff my life is not right.
Lord, there's some things I need to, I need to realign my conduct.
Lord, I've got some, you know, forgiveness is not forgetting, but maybe you've made a minor offense into like a big pow.
Almost like it's a hill you want to die on or something.
I'm gonna tell you, it destroys churches.
The enemy gets a foothold when that happens.
And it may be today that, you know, you gotta ask yourself, am I mad at somebody in here, you know, or something like that?
When you're drinking God's coffee, setting in God's mansion, walking on God's golden street, that little incident that happened between you and Leroy, you know?
You're like, why did I spend years mad at him?
Because his goats got out in my field.
Y'all didn't grow up where I grew up at, did you?
Why?
That one helped the future is like, why?
Maybe today's the day you just get free of all that stuff.
So then also to, here's what I know.
Here in gays, like I said, 25, I was sitting on a back row and the Holy Spirit spoke to my heart.
And it was clear.
I got home that night, getting the book of Ephesians, surrender to Christ.
Yeah, I've heard my prayer.
Oh God, save me.
That's repentance, faith.
Everything you can imagine wrapped up in just a few words.
He'll save you today.
He died on a cross for you and me.
He shed his blood, the Calvary, you and me.
They beat him, and they mocked him, and they spit on a cross for us.
That's a love, right there.
That's the greatest act of love they ever be.
So that we could have salvation.
And here's what you know.
You know it.
You know he's calling you.
He's calling you right now.
And you're okay, preacher.
I sense something's going on.
I sense a drawing of a spirit of God.
Then the Bible says, confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord.
Lord, you are the Christ, you're the Savior, you are Lord.
I believe in you.
Confess with your mouth, Jesus.
Believe in your heart that God's raised him dead.
Lord, I believe you come out of that grave on a third day.
You took my place, you were my substitution.
You offer me this, you're my, these are big words.
Perpetuation, you bore the wrath of God.
You may not understand what that is, but that's what he did.
You just cried, oh God, save me, forgive me, I repent, he'll save you today.
You say, just like that, yes, because he paid the price 2000 years ago.
Remember, he calls you to salvation.
He calls you into his family.
If you're a man, we are brothers.
If you're a woman, you're my sister in Christ.
You say it begins to change the whole perspective of things.
But he calls you also into purpose.
He says, arches, that may not be a preacher like you.
No.
It may mean that you're an ag man or woman, and you're just going to be a representative of Christ, living for him.
And that ramp, you know, there's people in your spirit of influence that someone like me will never have access to your touch, but you will.
That's why you're there.
He calls you to salvation.
He calls you into the family and he calls you to a purpose.
So answer his call today.
Father, I'll cross this room as we pray.
Holy Spirit, I know you move, you work, you bring clarity and so people know.
There's some believers here, probably need to get some stuff right.
It's a Lord, I pray that they will.
Whatever that may be, Lord, just getting that right with you, reconciling in that relationship with you, Lord, have them lost their salvation.
That's not theologically possible.
But Lord, they realize sometimes they say that I pray nothing here because they're sinned their life, so I pray they come repents.
But Lord, I also know there's those who need to be saved.
So right now, may they call upon you in saving faith, Lord, call upon you believing, call upon you looking at you, Lord.
And Holy Spirit, you're the one who initiates that, you're the one who starts that, and you're the one who does that.
And so Lord, I pray they answer that they may no one be ashamed of you today.
It's in your name, we pray the name of Christ.
Amen.
Could you stand please?